# BigDataCompressor-
Letter To The World: So, I have been having this idea for a long time and I even have the working source code since 2018 which is only run by a programmer which I am coding the Graphical User Interface as I am writing this and in which the end user or a non-programmer cannot technically use it but can compile to run. The idea is to shrink any file into 1 small file using very simple and easy file manipulation technics and ofcourse open for improvements in future. Now, you may wonder what is the fuss about it? Well, I have a very slow internet (I cannot afford a fatster internet speed) and  for example I want to watch videos from youtube at atleast 1080p 60fps which takes me hours to play a 30 minute video. Also when I want to download games, it takes me close to a week to download games with sizes of 30GB. The program takes advantage of low processor usage over slow internet. Get this picture, you have a download speed of 100 KiloBytes per second but since your storage drive has an avarage Read/Write speed of 100 MegaBytes per second, it can be assumed you have an internet speed of 100MB/s. One of the biggest backlash will be from the Internet Service Providers because they might not sell higher internet speeds to a large percentage of customers disrupting bussiness BUT that is not the point of this program and it can also ease internet congestion WorldWide. one of my future plan is to introduce it to routers (kind of a protocol) which can even be equiped with a GPU in order to reduce the work for end devices and most probably slow processing devices the time to perform the decompression. The current plan is to be tried by programmers to see if it is possible to be used in web servers. In a simple way this is how the program works in this case citing YouTube and other websites which are used when only on the browser: the file is highly compressed, then sent over the internet and decompressed as it is being received, then displayed to the user browser. For the file as a download/upload: the file is compressed, then sent to the receipient, then decompressed. I beleive the program will be successful and will be improved with future upgrades and versions. Seems crazy, right?
